.\"{{{}}}
.\"{{{  Title
.TH INTRO 3 "" "" "Cygwin"
.\"}}}
.\"{{{  Name
.SH NAME
.B intro
\- Introduction to the Cygwin API
.\"}}}
.\"{{{  Description
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Cygwin
is a Linux-like environment for Windows. It consists of two parts:

A DLL (\fBcygwin1.dll\fP) which acts as a Linux API emulation layer providing
substantial Linux API functionality.
This page describes the API provided by the DLL.

A collection of tools which provide Linux look and feel.
This environment is described in the
.BR intro (1)
man page.
.\"}}}

.\"{{{  Availability
.SH AVAILABILITY
.B Cygwin
is developed by volunteers collaborating over the Internet. It is
distributed through the website
\fBhttp://cygwin.com\fP. The website has extensive documentation,
including FAQ, User's Guide, and API Reference. It should be considered the
authoritative source of information. The source code, relased under the
\fBGNU General Public License, Version 2\fP, is also availalbe from the
website or one of the mirrors.
.\"}}}

.\"{{{  Availability
.SH COMPATIBILITY
.B Cygwin
policy is to attempt to adhere to
.B POSIX/SUSv2
(Portable Operating System Interface for UNIX / The Single UNIX Specification,
Version 2) where possible.

\fBSUSv2\fP is available online at:

.B http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/007908799/

For compatibility information about specific functions, see the API
Reference at:

.B http://cygwin.com/cygwin-api/cygwin-api.html

Where these standards are ambiguous, Cygwin tries to mimic \fBLinux\fP.
However, \fBCygwin\fP uses \fBnewlib\fP instead of \fBglibc\fP
as its C Library, available at:

.B http://sources.redhat.com/newlib/

Keep in mind that there are many underlying differences between UNIX and
Win32 (for example, a case-insensitive file system), making complete
compatibility an ongoing challenge.
.\"}}}

.\"{{{  Reporting Bugs
.SH REPORTING BUGS
If you find a bug in\fB Cygwin\fP, please read

.B http://cygwin.com/bugs.html

and follow the instructions for reporting found there.
If you are able to track down the source of the bug and can provide a
fix, there are instructions for contributing patches at:

.B http://cygwin.com/contrib.html
.\"}}}

.\"{{{  Copyright
.SH COPYRIGHT
.B Cygwin
is Copyright (C) 1995-2015 Red Hat, Inc.
.PP
\fBCygwin\fP is Free software; for complete licensing information, refer to:

.B http://cygwin.com/licensing.html
.\"}}}

.\"{{{  See also
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR intro (1)
.\"}}}
