.\"{{{}}}
.\"{{{  Title
.TH INTRO 1 "" "" "Cygwin"
.\"}}}
.\"{{{  Name
.SH NAME
.B intro
\- Introduction to the Cygwin Environment
.\"}}}
.\"{{{  Description
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Cygwin
is a Linux-like environment for Windows. It consists of two parts:

A DLL (\fBcygwin1.dll\fP) which acts as a Linux API emulation layer providing
substantial Linux API functionality. The
.BR intro (3)
man page gives an introduction to this API.

A collection of tools which provide Linux look and feel.
This man page describes the user environment.
.\"}}}

.\"{{{  Availability
.SH AVAILABILITY
.B Cygwin
is developed by volunteers collaborating over the Internet. It is
distributed through the website \fB http://cygwin.com\fP, where you can find
extensive documentation, including FAQ, User's Guide, and API Reference. The
.B Cygwin
website should
be considered the authoritative source of information. The source code,
released under the\fB GNU General Public License, Version 2\fP, is also
available from the website or one of the mirrors.
.\"}}}

.\"{{{  Availability
.SH COMPATIBILITY
.B Cygwin
uses the GNU versions of many of the standard UNIX command-line
utilities (\fBsed\fP,\fB awk\fP, etc.), so the user environment is more similar
to a Linux system than, for example, Sun Solaris.

.P
The default login shell and \fB /bin/sh\fP for
.B Cygwin
is\fB bash\fP, the GNU "Bourne-Again Shell", but other shells such
as\fB tcsh\fP (an improved\fB csh\fP) are also available and can
be installed using
.B Cygwin's
setup.

.SH NOTES
To port applications you will need to install the development
tools, which you can do by selecting
.B gcc
in
.B setup.exe
(dependencies are automatically handled).
If you need a specific program or library, you can search for a
.B Cygwin
package containing it at:

.B http://cygwin.com/packages/

.P
If you are a UNIX veteran who plans to use
.B Cygwin
extensively, you will probably find it worth your while to learn to
use\fB Cygwin\fP-specific tools that provide a UNIX\-like interface to
common operations. For example,
.B cygpath
converts between UNIX and Win32-style pathnames. The full documentation
for these utilities is at:

.B http://cygwin.com/cygwin-ug-net/using-utils.html

The optional
.B cygutils
package also contains utilities that help with common problems, such
as\fB dos2unix\fP and\fB unix2dos\fP for the CRLF issue.
.\"}}}

.\"{{{  Documentation
.SH DOCUMENTATION
In addition to man pages and texinfo documentation, many
.B Cygwin
packages provide system-independent documentation in the
.B /usr/share/doc/
directory and\fB Cygwin\fP-specific documentation in
.B /usr/share/doc/Cygwin/
.P
For example, if you have both
.B less
and
.B cron
installed, the command

	less /usr/share/doc/Cygwin/cron.README

would display the instructions to set up
.B cron
on your system.
.\"}}}

.\"{{{  Reporting Bugs
.SH REPORTING BUGS
If you find a bug in\fB Cygwin\fP, please read

.B http://cygwin.com/bugs.html

and follow the instructions for reporting found there.
If you are able to track down the source of the bug and can provide a
fix, there are instructions for contributing patches at:

.B http://cygwin.com/contrib.html
.\"}}}

.\"{{{  Copyright
.SH COPYRIGHT
.B Cygwin
is Copyright (C) 1995-2015 Red Hat, Inc.
.PP
\fBCygwin\fP is Free software; for complete licensing information, refer to:

.B http://cygwin.com/licensing.html
.\"}}}

.\"{{{  See also
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR intro (3)
.\"}}}
